undm: A simple undo history manager
-----------------------------------

undm is a tool for tracking undo changes in text editors. You can think of it
as a cross between Vim undo trees, swapfiles, and git. undm works by tracking
individual changes to a file and flattening them when you save to disk.
Individual saves can be tagged with a date, so you can easily revert to
a previous save-point. When you're done editing the file, you can either remove
part or all of the undo history, or you can keep it for the next editing
session.

undm's usage semantics and overall design is similar to git, but most of the
similarities are conceptual and aesthetic. The file being edited is like a git
remote, and individual edits are like commits stored in a tree structure. The
changes are pushed to the file every time you want to save to disk. Unlike git,
undm stores changesets, not commits and blobs, so packing and gc do not apply;
in a sense everything is packed, because copies of the edited file are not
individually stored per commit. Like git, undm uses branches and refs to keep
track of the undo history, and lets you access and edit the file at different
points in history. In the future basic tools for merging and reordering commits
and branches will also be provided.

undm is not a source repository: you should use git for that. In the future it
will be possible to automatically sync with a git repo when you save the file
or tag a session. An ideal workflow would be to have undm integrated in a text
editor to track edits within a file, which using git to track the entire tree.

Note that although undm is persistent on disk, it only forces an fsync when you
explicitly save the file. If your filesystem is configured for delayed writes,
this may result in losing edits made after the last disk write. To be safe you
should save the file to disk fairly often. In the future it may be possible to
configure undm to either automatically fsync at timed intervals or every edit.
